I want to show you
how you can get incredible fonts for your presentations.
It takes a couple steps, though, okay.
So Final Cut Pro
is the application you gotta download, okay.
And you get a free trial, okay.
And it's available in many different languages, right.
So click here, you get a free 30 day trial.
I will go through this pretty quickly.
Let's create a new video.
You don't need to look at this, but it's fine.
And I'm going to insert a font here, okay.
Actually we'll go to Custom 3D, okay?
And I'm going to make it bigger,
go back to the beginning.
And I just want to show you what this looks like.
It's pretty damn cool, right.
So let's say that we have a title for your presentation.
It's called,
"My Promotion"
(chuckles)
and let's select different styles, here.
Blue is the least insulting color
you can use globally, apparently.
Okay, and I click here
and then what I do is I just pause it
and I do a screen record,
unfortunately you can only do this on a Mac, okay.
And then you go here, PowerPoint Keynote
and you're going to insert that screen print you just took,
and for me it's on my desktop.
Voila, "My Promotion".
Let's get rid of the background.
Remove background.
Okay, and you could spend more time prettying it up
if you wanted to, right.
So that's how it looks.
And you can even have it on a white background in here
if you wanted to, or a black background here
if you didn't want to have to remove
all of the back parts, there.
So let's try another one here.
Let's go to 3D Styles,
Car Paint, right.
My Promotion, let's take a big look.
There it is, there.
Let's do a screen print again.
This graphic's intensive.
And let me go back here, throw that guy aside,
and we're going to insert this guy here.
We can even leave it like that if we wanted to, right.
Have kind of a cool frame.
PowerPoint's a lot of fun.
Like that, whatever it is.
So there's many different things you can do here.
And it gets really, really advanced, too
in terms of the type of, you know,
backgrounds you can do, or fonts.
I really like this one.
This is Ashwood,
and you can change it
to tons of different types of wood, as well.
Say, we want to do Redwood, I don't know.
See if you want to make it a bit smaller, right.
And this is actually how I did
a lot of the backgrounds and fonts for my TEDx talk.
And again, you'll take a screen print here
and then you'll go Insert,
pictures from your desktop,
badoom, there it is there.
And again, if we wanted to remove the background
we could by selecting Remove Background here, right.
And even if you just want,
say we just want the letter M and O, right.
There you go.
Not perfect, but you could finesse it more
if you spend a lot more time on it.
Or again, you can have just a black background in PowerPoint
or put a white background in Final Cut,
we'd import here
and then you'll have to worry about removing the back part.
That's it.
It's pretty simplistic.
It can get really complicated, though, in Final Cut.
So if you have questions about fonts, please let me know.
I'm more than happy to help you out.
And it's a lot of fun, again.
They make Hollywood movies
with this software package, as well.
Thanks.